#summary Detailed guide on how to install and configure Ultimate Mapchooser.

=Installation=
  Ultimate Mapchooser's Core and Modules are installed like any other SourceMod plugin; just move the compiled .smx file into the addons/sourcemod/plugins folder. SourceMod will then load them on map change, or they can be loaded manually via the "sm plugins load _name_" command in the server console (where _name_ is the file name of the compiled plugin, without the .smx extension).

  Ultimate Mapchooser also has several translation files, which should be placed in the addons/sourcemod/translations folder following the directory structure outlined in the SourceMod documentation [http://wiki.alliedmods.net/Translations_(SourceMod_Scripting)#Distributing_Language_Files here].


=Configuration=
  All of Ultimate Mapchooser's behavioral settings are controlled by cvars, defined in configuration files located in cfg/sourcemod. If you are not using a pre-packaged release of Ultimate Mapchooser, these configuration files will be auto-generated the first time each module is run. For detailed instructions on the options in these configuration files, see the documentation for each specific Ultimate Mapchooser module in the wiki.

==Creating a UMC-Mapcycle==
  All modules released with Ultimate Mapchooser that can manipulate the mapcycle in some way require a UMC-Mapcycle definition. The format for this file is defined as follows:
{{{
"umc_mapcycle"
{
    "GROUP1"
    {
        "group_option1"  "x"
        "group_option2"  "x"
        ...
        "group_optionN"  "x"

        "MAP1"
        {
            "map_option1"  "x"
            "map_option2"  "x"
            ...
            "map_optionN"  "x"
        }
        
        "MAP2"
        {
            ...
        }
        
        ...

        "MAPN"
        {
            ...
        }
    }

    "GROUP2"
    {
        ...
    }

    ...

    "GROUPN"
    {
        ...
    }
}
}}}
  In summary, a UMC-Mapcycle contains a list of groups, each with a list of maps inside. There has to be at least one group, and each group has to have at least one map in it.

  Each group and map can also have several options available to it for configuration. These options are defined by whatever modules are installed. To see what options are available from a module, please see the documentation of a specific module.