#summary Documentation for the Time Limits (umc-timelimits) module.

=Purpose=
  The Time Limits module extends Ultimate Mapchooser's exclusion system to allow users to specify, in their UMC-Mapcycle definitions, a range of time when a map is available. Specifically, it defines two new group options "default_min_time" and "default_max_time", and two new map options "min_time" and "max_time".
   {{{
"umc_mapcycle"
{
    "A Group"
    {
        "default_min_time"  "HHMM"
        "default_max_time"  "HHMM"
        ...

        "A Map"
        {
            "min_time"  "HHMM"
            "max_time"  "HHMM"
            ...
        }
    }
    ...
}
}}}
  Where HH is the hour (in 24-hour format) and MM is the minute. The group options specify the defaults for all the maps in the group, in the event that the maps do not define their own "min_time" and "max_time" options.

=Example=
  {{{
"umc_mapcycle"
{
    "GroupA"
    {
        "default_min_time"  "0000"
        "default_max_time"  "1159"

        "MapAA"
        {
        }

        "MapBA"
        {
        }
    }

    "GroupB"
    {
        "default_min_time"  "1200"
        "default_max_time"  "2359"

        "MapAB"
        {
            "min_time"  "0000"
        }

        "MapBB"
        {
        }
    }
}
}}}
  This example defines two Map Groups, "GroupA" and "GroupB", and two maps in each group.  "GroupA" has the options "default_min_time" and "default_max_time" set so that all its maps are by default available between 12:00AM (midnight) and 11:59AM. Since none of it's maps specify "min_time" or "max_time", these defaults are not overridden and are used by both maps.

  In "GroupB", "default_min_time" and "default_max_time" are set so that the group is available between 12:00PM (noon) and 11:59PM. "MapAB" has defined a "min_time" of 12:00AM, thus making it's time range 12:00AM - 11:59PM. "MapBB" does not specify it's own "min_time" or "max_time," so it will use the defaults for "GroupB."

=List of CVars=
  The list of cvars for the Time Limits module is located in *cfg/sourcemod/umc-timelimits.cfg*.
  {{{
// Determines if maps being displayed are exempt from being excluded due to Time Limits.
// -
// Default: "0"
// Minimum: "0.000000"
// Maximum: "1.000000"
sm_umc_timelimits_ignoredisplay "0"

// Determines if nominations are exempt from being excluded due to Time Limits.
// -
// Default: "0"
// Minimum: "0.000000"
// Maximum: "1.000000"
sm_umc_timelimits_ignorenominations "0"
}}}